Good morning. We are half an hour from
the opening bell. Hong Kong, Shenzhen,
and Shanghai. You're watching the China
Show. I'm David Engles with Stephen
Angle.
>> Our top stories today, Asian stocks rise
following a volatile session on Wall
Street as investors weigh renewed trade
tensions between China and the US.
>> Yep. Uh we're looking at mixed messages.
In fact, just on a very note here from
the White House as President Trump
declares a trade war with China. Well,
Treasury Secretary Scott Besson suggests
a longer pause on higher tariffs.
>> And Chinese state media calling for
resilience in fighting what it calls a
protracted war. We speak to an adviser
to China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs
for more insight into Beijing's
thinking.
>> And TSMC demand outlooks going to be
very much in focus as the company
releases earnings today as investors
gauge whether the AI fueled stock rally
has further to go.
A very good Thursday morning to all of
you from the Asia Pacific. Thank you for
joining us. Lots to get through this
hour. First and foremost is we're coming
off a fairly bouncy session on Wall
Street. US futures are flat. We are on
the higher side of what would have been
really a rangebound trade. So largely uh
the Cosby index is doing a lot of the
heavy lifting right now. TSMC is coming
online. Uh we're looking at a flat open
of about five bucks there. Certainly the
3% pop in ADRs overnight. You know the
difference there. That's a 20 plus year
high on the premium between the two.
Well, we'll preview earnings in a moment
here. Uh flip the page please. The story
across currency markets certainly
broadly was from this time yesterday was
that very strong fix out of the PBOC.
We'll watch obviously what happens today
and what that fix looks like. The reason
I bring it up this early was in some
ways that actually triggered the
weakness that we basically saw
throughout the session on Wednesday on
the dollar. Hence we're trading at about
these levels uh on your screens. I mean
all that being said intervention watch
we know that story of course how that
played out as far as the Indian markets
go more on that as well uh coming
through later on right as far as the
well currency markets is really part and
parcel of the debasement trade is that a
good way to describe what's taking place
here gold as you can see is powered
completely through and cut uh through
that 4200 like a knife through botto
also seeing a some decent upside right
now. What is interesting though is
Bitcoin trading at about the low end of
the 3-month range. We've been flirting
with, let's call it 110,000 just for a
nice whole round number as far as that's
concerned. So, we'll see what happens
with this one. Going into the open
today. Last we checked, we were trading
slightly on the weaker side of futures
and that's still what we're seeing going
into the session today. 185 right now.
Dollar honky bottom of your screens and
lots to get through as far as the agenda
for today. Just also mention that we did
get the credit numbers for September
which were I I think wanting when you
look at some of the components there
Steve.
>> Yeah that's right. Obviously some uh
bond issuances were a little bit down uh
continually uh two months in a row but
again uh households and corporates are
not borrowing as much. All right let's
look at the agenda. Obviously US trade
uh China trade tensions are going to be
throughout the morning so I won't dive
into that right now. The stock market
also going to be a persistent theme
today. earnings. Fuya Glass, they make
automobile windshields and the like. So,
trade tensions, how will they be
impacting their earnings? China Tower,
they also build those uh large uh
telecommunication towers. We'll have to
see how uh you know, a slowdown in 5G
spending affects China Tower. Uh Beijing
Yuni, that's going to be a IPO today in
Hong Kong. Uh they make humanoid robots,
so embodied AI. And they
>> who doesn't these days?
>> Yeah, who doesn't these days? There's a
lot of them, right? And some of these
stocks, these are interesting. Jang
Sanua is in focus talking about
robotics. Uh they make part robotic
parts and there was rumors on the market
and reports uh that Tesla had made a big
order. Sanwa coming out and saying uh
they're denying that right now. So
again, they had a popup. We'll have to
see how they respond today. Uh and PCCW,
this is an interesting story. The FCC in
the United States is essentially taking
steps to block PCCW and its units. It's
a Hong Kong telecom company, a dominant
player here from using US networks on
national security concerns. They're
asking PCCW to explain why they should
stay live in the United States. It
follows what happened to China Telecom
and China Unicom uh a few years ago as
well. So, lots to go through. Ant is
another one. Uh they're trying to limit
the damage to this fireworks display in
Tibet, which caused environmental uh
concerns among locals uh because of its
unit Arcturex.
>> Yeah, they've I think the report there
was to your point, right? that they've
been asked to compensate I believe for
the the fireworks literal fireworks uh
issue there in in Siang. Okay. Uh let's
have a look at to Steve's point right
geopolitics very much in focus the trade
tensions here and Donald Trump the US
president was actually asked about the
trade war uh and whether or not the US
was in fact in one. Here's how he
actually framed and phrased that
specific answer.
>> Are we in for a sustained trade war with
China?
>> Well, you're in one now. Look, we have
100% tariff. If we didn't have tariffs,
we would be exposed as being a nothing.
We would have no defense.
Now, President Trump spoke after
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant floated
a longer pause on high US levies
targeting China to resolve a conflict
over critical minerals.
Right now, we are currently in a 90-day
roll
on the tariffs. So, is it possible that
we could go to a longer roll uh in
return for a delay? Perhaps. But, you
know, all all that's going to be uh
negotiated in the coming weeks.
>> Now, for the view from Beijing, here's a
quick glance at today's edition of the
People's Daily. An article on Xiinping's
economic thought strikes an assertive
tone on trade tensions with the United
States. It frames the tariff spat as
among the quote tough battles and
protracted wars China must endure to
make the economy stronger. Says China
will fight to the end and quote she's
call for party members to quote enhance
the sense of crisis, carry forward the
spirit of struggle and improve the
ability to fight. Yeah, looks like we
are both sides are geared up for
something a bit longer than maybe most
had expected this time last week. Derek
Wallbank is with us. Um our Bloomberg
senior editor joining us to help us
understand really this the setup. Derek
uh as we go into well hopefully the
meeting still in in two weeks time,
Derek. So I mean stakes are obviously
quite high but there both sides seem to
be digging in more more than expected
here.
>> Yeah, that's exactly right, David. I
would read this in a couple of different
ways. I don't read this as Donald Trump
necessarily declaring that there is a
trade war as like a fresh new
declaration. What I do read this as is
Donald Trump sort of surveying the
landscape of where we are and noting
that there are, you know, trade
conflicts between the United States and
and China. It's it's more of an
observation than a declaration. U if
that makes sense. Um but certainly look
you you're exactly right. The US and
China have been ratcheting up trade
tensions incrementally in the leadup to
this uh this widely expected Trump she
meeting uh that could happen within
weeks on the sidelines of the uh APEC
conference in South Korea. Um you know
you have seen China not be importing US
soybeans. Remember, we talked the other
day about the idea that that is not just
a commodity, but that's also a shot at
Donald Trump's uh political supporters.
Then you're talking about Trump having
his own uh you know, retaliation. And
looming over this is a threat of a 100
percentage point increase in US tariffs
on all imported Chinese goods.
>> Hey Derek, you mentioned APEC. There's
another gathering obviously in DC. IMF,
World Bank, and G7 finance ministers
will be there. They're mulling uh how
strongly worded statement, if at all, uh
essentially their response to China's
actions to curb rare earth mineral
exports. What do you think will come of
that?
>> Well, Stephen, yeah, I'm waiting to see
exactly what they say here, if this is
going to be uh strong words or if
there's going to be actions attached to
them. I mean, look, you know, the idea
of of Beijing effectively controlling
supply lines for critical technologies
is something that uh that that G G7
officials are certainly concerned about.
We have heard that concern from a number
of them. Um, but what reaction they're
going to take is a little bit difficult.
I mean, you're talking about a lot of uh
economies independently. We've already
seen the European Union, you know, talk
about some, you know, tougher stances
towards China in terms of uh of some of
this technology, but we've also seen a
lot of tough rhetoric fail to get backed
up by actual policies that are co
especially that are coordinated across
economies that adds in a range of
difficulty.
>> All right, Bloomberg senior editor Derek
Wallbank in San Francisco. Well, there's
more on the USChina spat coming up. The
director of Fudan Dash ate at Fudon
University's American Studies Center
joins us to chart the course forward
that possible Trumpi meeting later this
month.
>> Yeah, you know the segue really from the
rare earth story is really in fact quite
a natural one, right? It's rare earths
for chips and it takes us nicely into
the TSMC story where global investors
when you look at just this absolute
surge we're continuing to see in the US
session here on TSMC ADRs are up 3% I
think we're up current now we're
actually flat right now on a Taiwan
listing juxtaposing those two things and
what you have effectively now is the uh
the premium which usually does trade at
a premium just to note that as well is
now uh more than at a two decade high as
far as the valuation is concerned here
Um and yeah, it certainly now begs a
question ahead of earnings. Is there
anything TSMC can actually say and guide
towards in as far as bolstering even
further this entire ecosystem of
semiconductors that's rallied quite
substantially. I think you had HSBC and
Nvidia story overnight. Uh let's get
into this right. Uh the quarterly
results are due in a couple of hours
here. Uh let's bring in uh our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior equity analyst
Steven Tong here with us on set to help
us understand what signals the markets
are looking for as TSMC reports their
results uh in a few hours. Stephen.
>> Okay. Um I think the key is all about
outlook. Obviously uh in the near term
in Q4 as industries are looking at like
a somewhat uh soft sequential decline in
Q4 but then uh there are obviously uh
some expectation about the potential
upside price in Q4 uh revenue uh but
that's really the near-term I think the
more about the uh mid longterm is about
that uh like we hear a lot of the
announcement made by open AI for example
the allian alliance with a couple of the
major chip makers pretty much everyone's
are TSMC's major customers and we're
talking about like a Stargate they have
this major expansion over the next uh
three five years so how would that uh
translate into the revenue growth for
chipmaker like TSMC that is definitely
the key uh uh for investor uh they
definitely want to try to find out
during the result call today so that's
on the revenue front and then something
related to uh is capeex.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh the company has been guided for about
38 to 42 billion US capex per year. uh
that's for this year and even though the
management's earlier comments that uh uh
they don't necessarily swing their capex
significantly given their company size
uh but given the the growth right so uh
I I expect some investor are also
looking forward to some sort of upside
price in terms of the cas guidance uh
for next year and then uh another thing
uh is about the margin uh specifically
because they are now having the
increasing ramp of overseas faps uh like
in Arizona for example uh that could
potentially be a drag to the uh gross
margin uh the management actually made
that very clear that could be a uh
long-term drag actually and in the near
term we also have the uh uh stronger uh
Taiwan dollars which also eat into the
margin so those are kind of negative
factor but on the positive side we do
have the strong demand from AI and that
helped the demand for the advanced
process
>> which really leads me to the next
question for the industry as a whole and
the impact uh that we're seeing there's
there's obviously some concerns about
over valuation in some of the mag 7 and
what how that's going to translate to uh
the orders going forward so the order
book if they open that up and look at
what's actually being ordered from the
US ASML is one they had an increased
they beat on their orders obviously does
that indicate as well you know the the
capacity buildout for two nanometer
Yeah. Uh yes, I I think so. I've seen
the uh the positive guidance from ASML
did imply that uh TSMT is second uh 2
nmter progress uh maybe faster than
expected. So that's definitely a
positive sign. And then all the uh AI
build obviously uh there's some
uncertainty there. Uh but then from the
chipm perspective, TSMC is really the
the ultimate chip maker of all the AI
accelerator at this point. So, uh, one
way or the other, I think, uh, the
company will benefit from the total the
overall, uh, AI spending.
>> Okay, thanks so much. We'll be watching
it later today. That's Bloomberg
Intelligence senior equity analyst,
Steven Tung. Still ahead, China's
markets are showing signs of fatigue
after a sharp rebound. We'll ask the
head of UBS Global Research where stocks
may find support. And we are counting
down to the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and here in Hong Kong,
obviously, as we do every day on the
China show.
>> Yeah.
>> Because this is the China show.
Right, welcome back. All right, breaking
news right now. The remmbb before we
talk about the chart in a moment, but
you can read about it just in case you
need more time to digest things. The
remmbb of the day is another punchy one.
Another one, second day in a row, it's
below 710 from the PBOC. Uh it's second
day in a row. In fact, last time I
believe we've had two days in a row was
I think this time last year. I could be
mistaken. I'll correct myself as far as
that's concerned. Uh the other thing of
course we want to point out is the
obviously MCA China on your screens.
We've been hovering. We did catch some
support on the 50-day. We're
consolidating around that level. UBS, I
think about two days back, came out with
a note and said, you know, near-term
pressure might something to be
considered. But when you look at 70, the
74 handle, that's the where uh bargain
hunters and that's likely where the
market if it does of course fall even
further, might actually find a lot of
strong support. In fact, the author of
that report is here with us on set,
James Wong, head of China strategy at
UBS Global Research. James, good
morning. Nice to see you, sir.
>> Great. Thank you. Thank you for having
me. they if lay out the the thesis for
us and and why 74.
>> Yeah. So we had a long think about it um
and we think you know where where's the
kind of level that investors are likely
to get into. So we think if you think
about what the conditions now versus the
past I think where we are now is quite
similar to run about before China's 145
tariff got rolled back. So around just
before the Geneva um uh early May early
May correct
>> and and that back then China also had
very high tariffs but very high
expectations that somehow they maybe get
rolled back
>> and also since then we've had a
deescalation and we've seen record
trading volumes so investors have been
building up positions since then. before
then a lot of uncertainty and also back
then uh there was also uh clarity that
we're not going to get global tariffs um
like we saw just before April. So I
think that's the kind of level we will
see buying support. I I don't really
don't think we're going to get back to
the April lows when there's maximum
certainty universal tariffs. Um and
while that while I think the 74 is the
the comfortable level which I think
investors will get into, we do advise
investors to start dip buying and
certainly I think investors do want to
dip by on the market because I think
most investors don't think the current
100% tariff is tenable. We've already
had uh that kind of negotiations before.
So, are we in a bunch of noise right now
leading up to November 1st and through
APEC and potentially that meeting
between she and Trump as the two sides
build up their leverage? Should should
investors sort of not necessarily
discount that, but it's not as bad as it
was in April.
>> That that's our base case. Correct. But
that's not to say that there may be some
profit taking pressure because the
market is up quite a lot, right? If you
look at MSCI, China is already up close
to 35% from the April trough. So there
may may be some uh some of those that
profit take but I think uh yes I do
agree with you Steve that for for us I
think it's going to be a lot of noise um
but that might cause volatility in the
market um during that time
>> which sectors do you expect to see the
the influx as you advocate of course is
buying on this dip.
>> Yeah. So if I was to so if there is
volatility and if we get another draw
down I think the sectors that have seen
the least rebound okay
>> and also if you look at during April
what are the sectors that saw the least
uh decline it's things like food and
beverage so some of the consumer names
and some of the utility names um so
that's probably a place where I'll be
hiding um on the other hand if you want
to dip by um I would say that it's
sectors like the hardware tech names the
tech names or data center names that
have seen probably the biggest rebound
since uh the April trough. So that's how
I would play it. Yeah.
>> You prefer a shares over eight shares
here in Hong Kong. How come?
>> Yeah. So we like a share even before uh
the trade uh uh uh tensions escalated
and that's on the basis that we've seen
retail money start to be put into work.
So the one thing we track for example is
the number of new retail accounts that's
open on the A share. It's decelerated a
little bit, but it's still up quite
quite a bit uh versus last year. We're
talking about 56% year-on-year uh
increase. And we've also seen household
deposits being put to work. So, that's
decelerated. And on the other hand, it's
moved money into non-bank financial
deposits. So, that's money sitting
brokerage accounts. So, and that trend
we've just starting to see. And we think
given a lack of given the very low
interest rate, equities do look quite
appealing to the average person in
China. And so we think that trend is
going to continue. Um now uh given the
trade tensions, Asia look even more
appealing because we've got the national
team potential support. Um and also year
to date, Asia has underperformed
particularly the CSI 300, it's
underperformed versus Hong Kong. And
also if you look at the April episode,
Asia has outperformed versus Hong Kong.
So from all this perspective, I think
Asia is probably the better place to be,
particularly CSI 300. Yeah.
>> Okay. Uh James will be staying with us
of course. Uh we'll be back with him in
a couple of minutes here. He just came
from trip of course and had a
conversation with global investors. We
we'll dig into all of those insights in
a moment here out of UBS global research
there. Right. Uh going into the open
today and weakness coming through
hanging index coming up on your screens.
The strongest fixing out of the PBOC
since well this time last year uh 71238
now is dollar offshore. The opening bell
7 minutes 30 seconds away. You're
watching the China show. Good morning.
Ah, the joys of Thursday. Yeah, there we
go. A day to Friday and then that's two
days before Monday.
>> Is that a saying? Joys of Thursday.
>> Yeah, I'm going to start that now. Uh,
that's next to the eyides of March, of
course. There we go. 310 of 1%. The
reason we're looking at gold right now,
so I think there's a scramble now to
update views there. So I think we had
Goldman, I think it was last week. Uh my
producers are about to whisper not sweet
nothing's in my ear, but there was there
was another uh projection that took it
to 5200 I believe or 5,000
uh yesterday. Now A&Z's coming out and
saying 4,600 uh on gold. They've raised
the Fed is now expected to cut four
times uh 310 of 1% to the upside. Okay.
Uh let's go into the open today. Let's
have a look at the approach. 4 minutes
30 seconds and we're looking at Okay.
Okay, that's fine. Uh, a little bit of
weakness coming through. Not a lot.
Eight shares are coming through. Uh,
it's worth pointing out we did flirt
with entering. Flip the page, please. A
technical correction on the Hen China
index. Doesn't seem like we'll be
getting there today. We'll see what
happens. Of course, Hangen index 26,000.
Uh there's a trading debut today of
course which is this uh uh Beijing Yunji
I believe is the is the trading debut
today here.
>> That's right. The the maker of embodied
AI robots.
>> Oh. Oh okay.
>> So it's a hot topic.
>> It really is. You know what surprised?
Well, not you know what's fascinating to
me is that all these humanoid robots in
their current form
whoever invented Robocop in the 80s was
terribly accurate because a lot of them
are like almost like twins of of
Robocop, aren't they?
>> Yeah. The the moral hazard of embodying
intelligence into a killing machine,
right?
>> Law enforcement of course and gone
wrong, I think, in many ways if you
depending on what what part of the movie
you dip into there. Uh PCCW is very much
in focus here. This was of course on the
back of the FCC move here.
>> Yeah, that's right. So the FCC is
basically blocking PCCW from access to
US networks, asking them to explain why
they should not do that.
>> Okay. Uh going into the open today,
we'll talk more about ant sports popart
in a moment. The opening bell 3 minutes
away. This is the China show.
and welcome back. You are of course
watching the China show. We are counting
down to the open of the markets in about
39 seconds. It's lots to digest today,
Dave, because of the the increasing
trade friction, if you can call it that,
with Donald Trump also essentially
declaring that they're already in a
trade war with China. We also had a a
fairly sharply written rebuke uh from
state media, the People's Daily out of
uh Beijing. And of course, we had that
credit data which suggests out of China
that uh lending and borrowing, I should
say more appropriately, from corporates
and households is still lack lacking.
>> Yeah. I mean the I think the term
aggregate financing is I think in some
ways does a disservice to really what
you see underneath the hood right so to
your point household and corporate
borrowing uh does remain below trend but
of course this pick up in public uh
publicly issued debt of course was I
think what kept that um decent okay
let's go into and as I talk about this
can you bear with me because I have to
also create a chart while I talk about
this but yes have a look at the open
here we're looking at 410 to 1% uh to
the downside I'm really looking forward
to by the way to the point that Steve
was just making there um on uh in about
an hour's time we'll be joined here on
uh we'll be joined on shows by uh Wuinbo
of course who is a an advisor to China's
foreign ministry so we'll get really a
better indication of really the views as
we talk about uh what we heard from
President Trump what we heard from Scott
Bessant longer and higher tariffs and
possibly possibly maybe do they roll
over it again right 90 days um so we'll
see what the view is as far as China
goes and also of course looking into the
G7 what that statement looks like if we
do get a statement on rare earth and not
you know China looks to I guess uh
secure more influence over the global
supply chain. Uh flip the page please
and have a look at where we are as far
as Hong Kong goes. Bottom of the screens
will be coming shortly. A lot of the big
tech plays 10 cent go all the way to uh
to Xiaomi Boom Mtoan there. Uh but yeah
lots to watch here as far as the the
Telos are concerned. I mean we talked a
little bit about this but the big one of
the big stories of course was PCCW and
why we're looking at that stock here.
Yeah, we do need to look at that because
of course the United States and the FCC
the essentially looking at possibly
blocking PCCW and its affiliates, the
big Hong Kong
the the Hong Kong telco company
essentially from the US markets. Uh it's
also of course follows what they did for
China Telecom in 2021 and also China
Unicom in 2022.
>> Uh okay. Uh let's look at this. This is
this is going to be interesting, right?
So yesterday afternoon we were talking
about this specific stock that's coming
up on your screen. It's limit up and
there were a lot of rumors that the
company
um had an agreement with I think Tesla
uh for I think it's robotics agreement.
So the company's come out at about 9 or
10 p.m. last night and said nope there
was no deal. Shares are obviously down
right now. Not all the way down. Okay.
We were up 10% yesterday. We're down 4%.
Okay let's flip the page please. And uh
what else are we looking at here? You
know what? Why don't we look at Oh, yes.
This big listing here, Stephen.
>> Yeah, they're an embodied AI robot
maker. Uh stock code 2670.
Uh so indicating upwards right now. So
that's a hot topic. There are hundreds
of companies that have tapped into uh
the funds that the Chinese government
has put out there to build out embodied
AI or physical AI as it's also called.
Uh and they are part of that as well. So
we'll have to see that could be a good
proxy to see investor sentiment towards
that sector which of course has given no
indication that it become profitable but
there's a lot of enthusiasm. Yeah. Yeah.
And certainly one of the comments in
fact I heard yesterday
um join who Guatai Junan's chief China
economist joined uh our colleagues at
Horizon's Middle East Joanna and one of
the comments I heard there was you know
what's going to be interesting is how
the market trades on AI you know
economic metrics like GDP and all these
things while still important don't hold
as much punch anymore when you look at
how the market's reacting to news and
they're looking at industrial policy
this 5-year plan that's coming up and
really how they frame technology. There
might be something that the market might
be paying more attention to than actual
um economic numbers. That's just to say
credit growth disappointed of course
when we got those numbers that came out
u yesterday. So let let me just recap
some of the numbers there. Uh we were
looking at aggregate financing coming in
at 3 trillion uh new loans coming in at
about 1 just shy of 1.5 slightly below
the survey. Money supply 8.4 for uh M2
specifically. Um and we are looking at
some of the commentary that's in fact
Bloomberg economics has this to say
about um how some of those households
are deleveraging here, Steve.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, overall loan
demand when we look at the numbers, the
new loans of 1.3 trillion yuan was less
than expected. So overall loan demand
from households and corporate is still
sluggish. Yeah. Uh right. Uh and that's
why they're saying that perhaps there
needs to be more stimulus coming forward
and a long-term plan to essentially
stimulate some sort of demand because
households uh are are still feeling a
little bit poor, paper poor because of
the household and the property crisis.
Job prospects remain fairly dim for new
graduates and corporate profits remain
under pressure. So there's what Eric J
is saying. uh China's yearon-year drop
in credit expansion in September
reflects the fact as I just said that
households and businesses are
deleveraging. Let's look at the reaction
also from the folks at Goldman Sachs and
effectively what they're saying is yeah
so when you look at the aggregate
numbers slightly above the already low
market expectations I think that's
nuance number one there mainly due to
shadow bank credit extension but to the
point Steve was making and by the way
this is very consistent with the
inflation print which came out yesterday
right so on the demand side of the
things things like corporate and
household demand do remain still on the
weaker side of things
>> because actually aggregate financing did
increase from the previous month. It did
increase to 3.5 trillion yuan in
September. 3.3 trillion was the estimate
I should say. So it did beat the
estimate aggregate finance. Uh but again
it fell short from a year ago level. So
it just means there's overall demand is
less than a year ago.
>> Yeah. Well it sounds a little bit like
my ex. Um despite my best efforts and
everything I seem to be doing, I always
seem to be missing the the targets
despite having very low expectations.
>> It's a year ago. Let it go.
>> Yes. So there we go. Wait, it was
yesterday anyway. No, go ahead.
>> All right. Still with us here while we
before we go off rails is James Wong,
head of China's strategy at UBS Global
Research. We've been talking uh in the
last uh segment essentially about uh
you're saying a share demand uh is
probably the the way to go rather than 8
share because the national team could
potentially come in if things get
sluggish and also the the basic horde of
retail investors starting to open more
brokerage accounts and the like. Okay.
So domestically people are maybe getting
a better appetite for the local stocks.
How about what you've read from the
United States or how you've met with
institutional investors? are they
favoring the Asia market as well?
>> So overall, I'd say interest in China is
has been exceptional. Uh it's probably
the strongest I've seen in years even uh
even uh in the US uh for example
>> cuz it was pretty low.
>> Yeah, it was very low. Um and I'd say
people do recognize there's been a
policy pivot um round about September
and the support while you know macro
data still lackluster but the support
for the equity market has been
unprecedented. Um so that I think that
got investors excited uh on the China
equity market. Now Asia, I think there's
still a bit more uh difficulty for
foreign investors because of language
translations and also just the way the
market moves. A lot of retail investors
in there. So it's difficult to predict
the move. So I think I do feel foreign
investors do like Hong Kong equity
market a bit more and also most
investors use MSEI China as their
benchmark which does have a bigger
waiting towards Hong Kong. So um still a
bit more reluctance to get into Asia but
interest is picking up um even towards
Asia um but for the over China equity
market uh definitely very strong
interest and I do think we're going to
see continued inflows uh from some of
the large institutional investors from
foreign foreign funds.
>> Yeah.
>> How what is the preference? How are they
doing that? What's the method? So is is
it ETFs? Is it coming here? Is it
exposure in the US? like what's the how
>> it it's actually stocks in China. So
it's no longer stocks in US or Europe,
it's actually investing in China. So uh
I've seen interest in uh tech you know
uh internet names and also the breadth
of interest or stocks that they
interested has widened. So they've gone
into industrial names like the auto
component makers. They've gone into even
hardware tech names. So there's a
definitely a better recognition of of
the advancement China's been making in
the semi-upp.
>> How are they being assuaged by the
overall fears though that and the
pressures and the headwinds that we've
been talking about all morning and that
is low domestic demand people are
staying you know mattress mentality uh
and again the overall threat of
decoupling with the United States.
>> Yeah. So
>> and deflation.
>> Yes. So I'd say that uh you can see the
market this year the stocks that were up
it's the tech names that has strong
fundamental support those that are
associated with the macro like consumers
in particular they've been weak so the
market's been pretty fair and so foreign
investors have been shining away from
some of these macro related stocks but
they've been definitely getting to tech
been getting to internet names
>> and then in terms of deflation I think
that's where this thing called
anti-involution is coming in right and
for the first time I
And I was very surprised there's been
very strong interest from foreign
investors on this. And I think the
reason the key reason is that you know
China's been having tremendous GDP
growth but that has not translated into
earnings growth which is what investors
care about. And that's because of too
much competition and for the first time
the government now cares about corporate
profitability through anti-involution.
So if we get that right that translates
into the fundamental support for the
equity market.
>> But has anti-involution worked? because
there's still a race to the bottom. Uh
price war in EVs, embodied AI, we were
just talking about that. I talked to
McKenzie and he said the big question
about embodied AI or physical AI is
there's all these companies throwing
money at this but it's going to be a
similar situation as EVs a race to the
bottom get market share and to the
detriment of all those others.
>> Yeah. So there's definite um doubt
doubters on this and you'll see um if
you look on from a different sector
perspective the effects are quite
divergent but you can see some effects.
So for example the thing I track as a
strategist is PPI and that has a direct
correlation with company revenue and
we've seen less decline in
>> 36 consecutive months of PPI deflation
three consecutive years in the data
yesterday. So it's just less a little
bit less and that we and as as people
that look at the market people do look
at matters the delta
>> the delta okay
>> and we we you know we're climbing off
out of a a very difficult spot but the
other thing to remember on the macro
side of things is a lot of that did have
to do with the property down cycle
>> and we've we're in the fifth year of the
property down cycle and and property
prices have gone down from uh 40% from
the peak and so you can see value coming
out of the property market, rental
yields back up to 2 and a half%. Where
interest rates are quite low. So to me,
I think the ingredient for a macro
turnaround is still there
>> and maybe we're you know right now it's
still very tough but something to look
forward to next year. Typical property
down cycles list last for between 6 to 8
years and we in our fifth year next year
sixth year.
>> Yeah. you're just maybe just to end on
your outlook for on liquidity conditions
which have been really the the crux and
the funer of this rally where do you
think that story goes?
>> I I think still a long way to go. I I
think now that uh US is expected to cut
interest rates um that also helps EM
inflows that will help China indirectly.
So we are overweight EM and we're
overweight China globally because of
that potential inflow. And then
domestically, you know, we're talking
about depos deposit rates at 1%. And I
expect that to go down now that US
interest rate being pushed down too. So
the all of a sudden you've got uh the
equity market yielding you close to 3%.
I think that is still looking like an
attractive asset particularly if it can
show price appreciation. So that
domestic flow into the equity market, I
think that will continue. And um and as
I said, I think foreign inflows will
also continue. both domestic foreign
inflows I think will support the China
equity market.
>> James, always good having you in. Thanks
so much for joining us this Thursday.
James Wong, head of China strategy at
UBS Global Research. Coming up on the
show, Hong Kong tycoon Richard Lee's
phone company PCCW faces a ban in the US
over national security concerns. Details
of the FCC order are next. This is
Bloomberg
and welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. Well, the US FCC is taking
steps to block the Hong Kong Teleco HKT,
citing national security concerns. FCC
Chair Brendan Carr says the move aims to
ensure the safety and integrity of
America's communications network. He
says the FCC will continue to safeguard
networks against, in his words,
penetration from foreign adversaries
like China. Dave?
>> Yeah. Let's bring in Shirley Jiao, uh,
who is helping us cover this story for
us. There's a nuance here, but I mean,
yeah. So, so what what was what why this
decision and actually why now?
>> Right. So, the FCC basically sees HKT as
an affiliate of China's state-owned
telecom company, China Unicom. Uh, China
Unicom holds about 18.4%
of shares in HKT's parent company PCCW
and China's state-owned Telos including
Unicom, China Telecom and China Mobile
were already banned from accessing the
US market. So, this is basically an
extension of um that ban. And why it is
it's happening right now? It's because
the US and China is locked in an
escalation of the trade war.
>> What does this mean then for them? Do
they get blocked from US networks? And
what could be the possible remedy? Could
there be a a move by PCCW to divest or
try and find a way uh to limit that
stakeholding that you said? Is it China
Unicom that owns the big stake?
>> Yes. So from the business point of view,
the impact is likely to be limited
because HKT and PCCW have limited
exposure to the US market. So basically
their HKT's business in the US right now
is most likely to be limited to people
roaming from Hong Kong.
>> That's not affected.
>> Um that will be affected because right
uh if the ban is in place that they've
basically lost the US access. Um but
PCCW
uh as a whole made about 13% of revenue
from regions outside of greater China
and Singapore and although it didn't
specify um what those regions are but
the US is likely you know have an even
smaller share in that 13%. the 13%
itself is not a big number but
politically that means the Lee family
and uh you know Richard Lee uh is facing
a lot of political headwinds uh because
we we know that PCCW is controlled by
Richard Lee and Richard Lee is the
younger son of billionaire Lee Kashen
and Leashen is right now trying to sell
43 of his ports including two in the
Panama um to uh a consortium backed by
US investment firm Black Rock. And that
deal has angered Beijing earlier because
Beijing saw it as cowtowing to US
pressure. Um and Beijing has already
told state-owned companies to not
collaborate with the Lee family uh uh in
the future. uh according to Bloomberg
reports earlier and Bloomberg also
reported earlier that Richard Lee who's
trying to expand his insurance business
into mainland China and that right
>> yes and that talk had been stalled in
the process. So this basically shows
that you know how much political
pressure could c could be on companies
based in Hong Kong um during the China
US trade war. basically you know they
are sandwiched between China and the US
surely thank you so much uh Shirley Jiao
there with the latest on PCCW I think
the earlier point that Shirley was just
making you look at the share price today
effectively just yawning it off um and I
think I'm already being quite uh liberal
with that description. Okay, let's um
have a look at uh well one of our our
big take for today here. So yeah, few
people may uh have actually heard of
Radiant World, but it was well it is one
of the world's largest traders of iron
ore and the company's rapid ascent and
growth has really rattled uh the global
commodity community here and even drawn
attention from China. Let's bring in our
Asian metals and mining reporter
Katherine Gmel uh to help us understand
the crux of today's big take. Catherine,
the Radiant World seems to have, I think
for many people, this is a fair
statement, seems to have just come out
of nowhere. Give us a background. Who
are they and why is the market now
paying more attention?
>> Yeah. Hello. Absolutely. So, Radiant
World started life in the early 2000s
and it is now based out of Singapore and
has grown almost 10fold in the last
decade. Um, I think what is really
interesting about these guys is that
they become one of the biggest iron ore
traders globally up there with Glenor,
but you know really not many people
outside of the iron or world know about
them. Um, and um, it's just it's brought
this fast and aggressive style of
trading to a market that's typically
slow uh, contracts driven and really
dominated by the big miners and the
steam wheels in China.
>> But how has it done this? Hi, this is
Steve Angel here. I mean it's how is it
competing uh with the likes as you just
mentioned Glen Core um and and what's
really behind that meteoric rise?
>> Yeah, I think that this really comes
down to its um appetite for risk and
willingness to take risks where others
don't. Um, in our investigation, when we
talked to numerous market participants
and insiders, they told us that they are
willing to buy iron or cargos when it's
cheap, potentially buying them for above
market price to secure the supply and
taking really bullish positions on this.
And this has really worked in their
favor because prices have stayed pretty
high this year. Um, so which has
resulted in record profits for them. But
it also really puts them at risk because
if these prices fall um then that could
be where they uh make some losses.
Okay, we've we've talked about how
everyone is now paying attention. The
could the company actually move global
prices on iron or
um yes potentially. Um it could um and I
think that we can really see that
because Glenor, which is a major backer,
has a dedicated team that is looking
over their risk in China. CMRG has also
told mills um to not do business with
them, which we found out through our
reporting. Um and I think that's really
because if prices fall, then they may be
forced to offload cargos, which could
then trigger a wider um price fall
across the market.
>> Fantastic piece there. You can check the
big tick out for Bloomberg clients on
your terminals. Uh the entire piece of
course is also on the website
bloomberg.com. Uh the function on the
terminal is NI space big go. This is the
China show. We'll be back.
Uh, right. Welcome back. We're looking
at PopMart today and really the story
here is well for one 5%. You know, Steve
and I almost didn't get ready for the
show. We were comparing notes here on
our favorite Laboos. Uh so clearly that
that that did not happen. Uh JP Morgan
the price target here 320 a pop
overweight there from the team
continuing this rush from the sales side
to upgrade the target. So it really
applies to gold. It's also been applying
to this share price as well. As you can
see we're closing in uh on 300 bucks. 40
buys three holds zero sells across the
street here. Ant to sports.
>> Ant to sports in focus. They've ordered
to provide compensation to u because of
a fireworks show in Tibet. Uh so there's
been a public backlash because of the
effects on the environment. This was a
sp a fireworks show that was sponsored
by its subsidiary Arcturex. You know
they call it the sort of the Prada of
leisure athleisure wear. Arcturex very
expensive stuff right. Okay. Um and
anyway that's beside the story beside
the point. the stock is though up maybe
maybe on the fact that there is some
sort of resolution to this online
outcry. Well, but my my question is, do
you really need the apostrophe there uh
on the name because that really is uh a
bit of a landmine when you try and
pronounce it. But yes, anyway, that's I
think a completely separate topic. Ute,
let's have a look at that. That's coming
up on your screens for now. Okay. Um
3% uh robot contract 32 million is the
the price of that deal. Uh and very
quickly, speaking of we're looking at
Xiaomi continuing to see some downside.
No specific trigger for today but it is
of course underperforming on the
benchmark itself. Zing gold is going the
opposite way coming up on your screens
now included I believe on the stock
connect uh really that's a gold story
that's the debasement story if you
believe that of course that specific
theme as well right we'll leave you with
a look at the benchmarks about 25
minutes to the session we'll talk about
currencies on the other side of this oh
why not there we
I think that's the kind of level we will
see buying support. I I don't really
don't think we're going to get back to
the April lows when there's maximum
certainty, universal tariffs. Um and
while that while I think the 74 is the
the comfortable level which I think
investors will get into, we do advise
investors to start dip buying and
certainly I think investors do want to
dip by on the market because I think
most investors don't think the current
100% tariff is tenable. We've already
had uh that kind of negotiations before.
That's UBS Global Researchers James Wong
speaking to us in the last hour here on
the China show. He's saying there's a
lot of noise in the market. disregard
the noise, buy the dip, prefers a shares
over eight shares on the back of
potential national team coming in and
also uh the retail investors in China
opening up more brokerage accounts and
maybe also coming in uh to the local
market. Welcome back to the China show,
Dave.
>> Yeah, about half an hour into the
session there. You talked about this
dynamic between A and A shares with
James Hong of course and but he
basically thinks the to your point right
A shares outperform from here because
you do have the the back stuff from the
national team but separately on his trip
in the US of course the thing that came
up was tech and the familiar names and
the broadening out of that pool that
investors are looking at now
>> he said something that struck out stuck
out to me and that is the sentiment for
institutional investors that he met in
the US was as strong as he's seen in
ears towards China.
>> Well, it's a very low base when you look
at the last 5 years or so. But I get to
but I get to the point that he was just
I think underscoring is
>> uh he's astounded by the by the shift
and the suddeness of how how much
attention how busy he's gotten. And I
think maybe just to maybe tell our
viewers a little bit of how the sausage
is made. You know, when James came in
here right before the show started, that
that was one of the things he actually
told us. He just got back from a
marketing trip and he was completely uh
taken aback by just how overwhel how
welcoming uh foreign investors were. Now
I don't know who James talked to but I
guess I just I'll take his word for it
uh that they were really looking to
increase their exposure to the Chinese
market this time around. All that is to
say that a a weaker dollar helps. And I
think the last point we made in our
interview just now with with James is
the liquidity conditions will persist
because now also the Fed is expected to
keep cutting rates. I'll get to the gold
implication of that because A&Z now
thinks gold is at 46 because of forward
cuts. But back to the point on the
weaker dollar.
>> There you go.
>> Yeah, we're looking at quite a big dip
here on the dollar. We're coming off I
think the worst day on the dollar index
in about a month's uh in a month's time.
And then since that point in time, we
had the fix and even more so weakness
going into the session today. Speaking
of the fix, yesterday was the first sub
10 midpoint since November of last year.
Incrementally more today. The strongest
fixing going back to this time last year
as you can see uh on your screens. What
that means for Asia Pacific, maybe a
little bit more risk appetite, maybe
more scope to add more risk to the table
coming up on your screens. And there we
go. 1% now on the Asia Pacific
benchmark. Nikki is up 7/10en of 1%.
We'll get into the Japan story in a
moment here.
>> I mean, the yen also gaining again. Uh
we're seeing at 150. Uh it was 152 a
couple of days ago. So getting a little
bit of strength. Still around the 150
handle though for the Japanese yet.
While the return of US China trade
tensions is putting Asia's stock market
rally at risk as the investors brace for
fresh fallout. Bloomberg senior Asia
equities reporter Abashek Vishnoi joins
us from Singapore. So there's volatility
obviously in sentiment and in money
flows. What's the what why is there a
favor towards the bulls right now?
>> Yeah. So, you know, when u the recent uh
tensions flared up between US and China,
it looked like that the markets are sort
of witnessing a technical breakdown, a
change of sentiment for the short term.
But it looks like, you know, they are
whipsawing in favor of bulls. Um tariffs
have one once or or the comments around
tariffs has have once again become the
top indicator. uh to watch in terms of
where the markets would go. Um there was
a test of a key support a key trend line
drawn from April lows but uh now markets
are once again you know uh climbing
above it and it's largely to do with
what US Treasury has uh Treasury
Secretary has said I mean dangling the
possibility of a a long-term truce uh
between US and China. Um so both uh
countries or both countries leaders want
to start from a point of advantage
strength or bargaining chips ahead of a
possible meeting between them uh where
they can come to a consensus. Uh but
this comment from the US Treasury
Secretary has sort of uh given bull's
ammunition. I mean this is a market
where ASML's weaker outlook was uh you
know um greeted with gains. So it very
much remains a market where bulls have
the upper hand. Um there was some test
of um or some dilution of the taco trade
initially but it seems like you know we
are firmly back into the territory where
you know bulls have upper hand.
>> Yeah Abishek if you don't mind I want to
build on the point you just made there
and wondering how important these
upcoming TSMC earnings are. So you
mentioned ASML and the guidance coming
to the company. I mean TSMC when you
look at the the revenue side I mean they
report monthly sales anyway so the
revenue side's not going to be much of a
surprise but how much do you think the
market the uptrend will will depend on
what TSMC says on guidance
>> yeah I mean so you know um TSMC is about
four to five times of the size of ASML
and yesterday you know um I wrote a post
and you know based on what I was getting
from uh a lot of investors that you know
it's possibly TS SMC's outlook that was
lifting you know AI related stocks
across the board not just ASML uh order
booking um and um you're right I mean
you know 25% sort of growth is expected
but markets would be definitely looking
into what TSMC says about keex what TSMC
says about US China tensions supply
chain and the AI related spending um but
you know there is a bit of a nuance here
so you see ASML is a chip equipment
maker
TSMC is a chip maker. Now what has
happened is if you look at TSMC you know
it is trading at um at possibly like 30
40% discount to ASMO right um but u
there is a lot more visibility to the
earnings uh to you know them benefiting
from this huge amount of AI spending
that companies are promising. So there
is a you know case building up for a
rotation from chip equipment place
globally to to chip makers and you know
Taiwan is reflecting that uh you know
David you look at that I mean it's now
has pro possibly very close valuation to
India on price to book and just amazing
return on equity so you know it it it is
possibly going to continue um and um
hopefully uh you know it'll extend uh uh
you know that optimism to other AI
related uh markets um especially in
Asia, Korea, Taiwan, China,
>> Abashek, fantastic Abashek, Fishnoy
there, of course laying out today's
taking stock and also the element on AI
there. I think when whenever you get a
comparison to India's price to book that
I guess in many ways tells you how
elevated things have actually become,
but that's a different can of worms. All
right, uh let's talk about what's coming
up here uh on shows. Uh urban air
mobility is has been taking flights. So,
the CFO of E-Hang will join us
exclusively in a couple of minutes to
help us discuss the next leaps uh toward
commercial approval for pilotless flying
taxis.
But first, the dollar slide has been one
of the year's biggest macro trades.
We'll get the outlook for currency
markets next with LGT. Much more ahead.
This is the China Show and this is
Bloom.
Right, welcome back. Uh, we woke up this
morning to a much weaker US dollar. I
think the Bloomberg dollar index fell
the most in about a month. We're
continuing to see the weakness, the the
midpoint out of the PBC perhaps helping
uh push the dollar down even further.
Hence retreating at 150 now uh on dollar
yet employment numbers coming through
out of Oz. We'll talk about that in a
moment. Gold of course is continuing to
hit new highs 4233. The new call out of
A&Z. I'll put the gold forecast, the Fed
and the dollar together for you. 4600
out of A&Z as they now expect the Fed to
cut four times. Let's put all that
together in the form of an outlook.
Joining us here on set, Chunglay FX and
rates specialist at LGT. Good morning
and very nice to see you.
>> Morning. Great to see you. Thanks for
having me on the show.
>> Why don't we start off with the most
well literally the common denominator of
all these things is the dollar. What's
what's the broad what's your broad take
on the dollar weakness?
>> Yeah. So, we continue to look for dollar
downside. So, our forecast has about 4%
uh lower in terms of DXY from here. Now
obviously that's a slower pace than the
dollar sell off we have year to date but
we think it's premature to call the end
of the week dollar cycle and clearly
after you know the dollar rebound we saw
last week this week the market has
returned as you said to the short dollar
I think initially there was a lot of
risk premium price into uh the yen and
the euro because of the political
situations but we think concern on
fiscal policy is you know a bit overdone
um in those areas and looking forward we
think that once US data is released. Um
it will allow the market to refocus on
you know the excuse me the dovish the
dovish fed narratives and um you know
near-term fed cuts.
>> So you have the dovish narrative from
the fed and also the potential of a
trade war worsening beyond November 1st.
How much does that factor into the
weaker dollar as well in addition to the
Fed easing?
>> Yeah. So I think it's a very interesting
dynamic. So if we place that questions
into you know the um last year or the
year before right when you have both a
fed easing and you know trade tensions
it will be a much harder question to
answer because usually you would expect
you know opposing effect on the dollar
but this time around you know after the
April reciprocal tariff the market has
clearly trade that you know tariff is
not uniformly positive for the dollar
and in fact we think that if Trump
reopens a tariff war I think the market
would trade it continually as a negative
catalyst. is for the dollar because of
the negative effect potentially on the
US economy itself and that accelerate
you know the potential Fed cuts.
>> You you talked about Japan there for a
moment. Wonder if you could lay out for
us your thesis on Japan. I mean so I
look at the yen fine it's strengthening
to 150 which is a very strange sentence
still in my view because like who would
have known we'd be trading at 153 but do
you think the market's getting this one
wrong that part of the market thinks we
are headed towards abonomics 2.0? M well
I think that's totally wrong. We think
the state of the Japan economy now uh
just is not in the state of the cycle
that you can get back to abandonic 2.0.
I mean the structure of the economy the
structure of inflation even the BOJ
balance sheet is very diff different now
and if you look at the value of the yen
right is has you know in terms of the
real effective exchange rate the yen has
weakened by half compared to 2012. Yeah.
Um and so I think a return of economic
policy is a is a no uh you know no goal
for Japan's policy. Um in fact we think
that fiscal expansions will be moderate.
Um and also uh monetary policy the BOJ
will be on track for normalization.
uh one point I would say on fiscal
policy is that I think the market need
to get used to a new norm on fiscal
policy for DM economies where the fiscal
position is vulnerable and that not only
include Japan also extends to the UK um
you know even the US um and France and
what I mean by that is you know the
ability uh from the policy maker to set
fiscal policy is severely constrained by
market forces um and you know in that
environment even though there would
incentive for use to um think of you
know fiscal policy as bargaining chip on
in collision talk but at the end of the
day the market has the upper hand and so
fiscal expansion will be more moderate
than feared
>> just a a side note there do so do you
then expect the the curves to steepen
still across DM for example which is
something we've seen in the UK and Japan
for example
>> I think that would be the trend
obviously you know it would not be a
one-way direction but you know for
duration long-term we neutral at this
level if anything I think the risk um
when you look at the US market for
example the 10-year yield we think the
risk is potentially to the upside from
here and we're looking at a four to 5%
range over the medium term and we are
obviously at the lower end of that range
>> at these levels now how bullish are you
still on gold
>> we are we are still very bullish um I
mean um in the short term I would say um
there is you know technical signals um
are overboard um and if you have US
government reopen potentially you may
get a bit of correction in gold as
people get away from safe heaven. But I
think any level around 4,000 will see
buying demand. Now our 12 months
forecast of four 4,200 have already been
breached but we see material upside
risk. Um and I think if you look at gold
it's a commodity where supply is very
inelastic. So it a demanddriven market
and if you look at the major you know
buyers for gold central bank runway we
think it's continue for at least another
year if not two. And even though ETF and
uh future positioning have increased um
a lot this year, when you look at go
share of global asset AUM in the context
of you know new highs in global equities
and continuing supply or notional
increase uh from central bank government
bonds then gold share of that global
asset AUM is still very very small at
less than 1%. So there's still a lot of
scope for go upside. just to play
devil's advocate on on on gold and I've
seen these forecasts coming through
right the technicals are a bit stretched
>> the it doesn't yield you anything though
>> what so what why what do you think is
the allure of gold why do you think
>> not just you people in the market think
the structural flows will continue
central banks ETFs and all these things
into an asset that doesn't yield you
anything
>> you're absolutely right I think at the
end of the day that would be a
constraint in terms of the gold rally in
terms of the fact that it doesn't have
yield. Um but when you look at you know
the typical traditional portfolio in the
good old days you would say gold would
be around less than 5%. You know in in
in that state of the world but we are
now in a different state where political
uncertainty is a lot higher. Inflation
risk you know is very different from 10
years ago. And so you you are seeing
viable change in terms of portfolio
allocations to gold at least you know I
would say 5 to 10% if not even higher
depending on your other allocations. Um
so over time I think it's still a very
structural you know change in terms of
behavior. One thing I would say is that
I would watch your gold equity
correlation because you know we have
seen days where you have gold and
equities US equity falling in tandem and
that's a bad sign because why you want
gold? you want is diversification
benefit in the portfolio. If you add
gold, you should see the sharp ratio of
your portfolio increase. But if you know
gold um correlations with US equity with
risk assets starts to increase in a
sustained way. We're not there yet. But
if it happens, then that would be a sign
that you know you may need to you know
re u re-evaluate your goal um
allocation.
>> Do you expect that to happen though? And
what would be the the trigger to
basically um make you more cautious? I
mean several days of that continuing
trend.
>> Well, I think it it will be a case of
the market length having built to an
extent that it become very speculative.
So when the sort of the traditional
buyers like the central banks kind of
step away a bit and you've seen the
market rally largely driven by ETFs and
by you know speculative positions and
then in that um you know in that state
of the world and if you see gold
correlations with risk asset increase
then that for me would be you know a
potential red flag.
>> I I just want to ask what you think
about very very short-term recent
phenomenon of intervention from central
banks. M
>> I think we've had India talked about it
yesterday. We've had I think in some
form
>> the PBOC leaning into the into more
strength in the currency anchoring the
PBO that you want a little bit more. Why
do you think why do you think that's
happening?
>> I think
>> generally as a as a theme. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So for this year after April when
you start to see that big dollar sell
off you would not expect you know
intervention in Asia, right? at least
not the way not not the kind of dollar
selling intervention you may actually
expect dollar buying intervention
>> um but I mean for India um Indonesia and
also Japan um they have the currencies
have been hurt by various you know
domestic reasons okay and they've been
trading a lot weaker or underperformed
you know the rest of the FX complex and
that's why you've seen that return of
intervention but for India case I think
that's a very very you know aggressive
statement that we heard today from the
Bloomberg scoop. Um, also we've seen,
you know, sport and uh forward
interventions from the RBI since late
September. So, they're being very
aggressive and I think usually the
market tends to listen from the signal
from the RBI because amongst all you
know um the countries you mentioned um
India, Indonesia, Japan, India I would
say as typically most aggressive and
most willing to spend real money in
terms of sport interventions um you know
to uh stabilize INR. Chunglay, thanks so
much for your time here and coming in to
our studio. Uh Bloomberg here. The
Tranglay FX and rate specialist at LGT.
Well, coming up on the show, Japan's San
Takichi courts a potential new coalition
partner in a bid to save her chances of
becoming prime minister. We're live to
Tokyo next. This is Bloomberg.
And welcome back to the China show. A
Japanese opposition party is considering
a coalition with the ruling LDP in a
move that could put leader Sane
Takahichi back on the path to becoming
prime minister. It's the latest in a
flurry of negotiations following the
shock collapse last week of the ruling
coalition. Let's cross over to Tokyo now
and politics and economics reporter
Sakura Murakami. What is the state of
play right now? I haven't even been able
to keep up the pace with between what
the opposition is trying to do, how the
LDP is trying to shore up its support.
What can we expect to happen today?
So the main um the kind of secretary
generals of the opposition parties will
be meeting today to see how aligned they
are on policy. But the main focus today
is probably the meeting between the LDP
and Ishing this uh opposition party that
is considering and eyeing up a potential
coalition with the LDP. If they do agree
to a coalition, that would put Sai
Takayichi back on track to potentially
become the next prime minister and
Japan's first female leader as well. So
that's the main thing to look for.
That's happening later today in about
three and a half hours.
>> Well, how aligned are the LDP and Isin
on policy? Could there be, dare I say,
hiccups in these talks?
Well, on the political spectrum of the
political parties of Japan, the LDP and
Ishin are actually not too far apart.
Um, Ishin's sort of right leaning. They
want to see, for example, stronger
security, stronger uh economic security
in Japan as well. So, there's quite a an
alignment between Ishin and LDP
fundamentally. Um but one of the things
that could be a bit of a hiccup is that
Ishin is very strict on um funding rules
and uh political donations from business
organizations. They want to ban that
alto together whereas the LDP is very
much for maintaining those kinds of
donations and just kind of adding
transparency to it. And um that could be
a point of contention between the two
parties. It's sort of ironic because the
political funding scandal and the
funding issue, donation issue is
actually why the coalition between the
LDP and Kato fell apart in the first
place. So, this could be a problem
again. Um, but uh we'll see if they can
hash out those differences over the next
few days.
I know legalized gambling is a very
sensitive topic in Japan, but where are
the bets being placed right now on the
fortunes of Sai Takichi?
>> So the um the Ishin actually held a sort
of lawmakers meeting earlier today and
there weren't many vocal voices against
a coalition. So I think at the moment um
Takayiti's prospects are looking good um
I mean much better than they were uh
just about a week ago when the coalition
fell apart. Um if Ishin kind of joins a
coalition with the LDP that would give
um a huge boost to uh Takahi's standing
to Takayichi's potential administration.
the coalition would still be short of a
majority in the lower house, but they'd
still be much bigger than any sort of uh
opposition block that could be formed
and um it would dash the prospect of any
other opposition parties kind of
rallying behind an alternative
candidate. So, uh things are looking
better for Taki, I would say.
Okay, Sakura, thank you so much. Sakura
Morakami there in Japan for us. Really
on that note, as we head into the
Japanese lunch break, we're looking at
some of these names tied, whether that's
strictly or loosely, to Osaka and really
rallying on the back of speculation
around those ties right now that we just
outlined for you. Uh the other big story
of course is on rare earths and are we
going to get a strongly worded statement
coming out of G7? How's that going to
look and influence really conversations
around trade ties? on your screens. Rare
earth stocks uh on the down uh really
been on the up really recently. And very
quickly before we wrap things up uh at
least in this specific segment here,
auto stocks in Korea are up on again
that other point. US deal hopes
specifically of course with the Koreans
were up about 7% on these familiar names
over in South Korea. Patty Morhead, this
is the China show.
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets are going on break in about a
minute and we we can see the Nikk 225 up
about 9/10en of 1% with the broader
topics up about half of 1%. You're
seeing some strength in the US, excuse
me, in the Japanese yen uh to 15073. It
sounds funny to say strength at 150, but
still uh with that dollar weakness that
Dave and I have been talking about this
morning, uh again, that is uh filtering
into the Japanese yen. It is
strengthening. Don't uh regard that red
as a negative. That is a strengthening
of about 210 of 1% as we can see there,
Dave.
>> Yeah. Uh let's talk about this
geopolitical tussle ahead of well we'll
we'll try and figure out whether or not
there will be a meeting confirmed. Uh
yeah President Trump on that note
President Trump says that the US is
locked in a trade war with China and
without tariffs the country the US would
be exposed he says as nothing.
>> Are we in for a sustained trade war with
China?
>> Well you're in one now. Look, we have
100% tariff. If we didn't have tariffs,
we would be exposed as being a nothing.
We would have no defense.
Now, Dave, uh Trump spoke after Treasury
Secretary Scott Bessant floated a longer
pause on high US levies targeting China
to resolve a conflict over critical
minerals.
We are currently in a 90-day roll
on the tariffs. So, is it possible that
we could go to a longer roll uh in
return for a delay? Perhaps. But, you
know, all all that's going to be uh
negotiated in the coming weeks.
>> Now, for the view from Beijing, here's a
quick glance at Chinese media. An
article on Xiinping's economic thought
strikes an assertive tone on trade
tensions with the United States. It
frames the tariff spat as among the
tough battles and protracted wars China
must endure to make the economy
stronger. It says China will fight to
the end and quote Xiinping's call for
party members to quote enhance the sense
of crisis, carry forward the spirit of
struggle and improve the ability to
fight. Uh just glancing at the global
times this morning. Uh well the take
there is that the US should not be
surprised by moves out of China. An
editorial editorial they're blaming
Washington for this recent escalation
pointing to this series of restrictions
and tariff threats after those talks of
course in Madrid. Now it says if well it
says the US overestimated its leverage
while quote underestimating China's
capacity for counteraction and its
strategic composure. Let's take you now
straight to Shanghai and bring in our
next guest. Wuin Boa is the director of
the center for American studies at Fuan
University. He's also an adviser to the
Chinese foreign ministry. Professor,
thank you so much for the time. Um I
want I wanted to start off with the
theoretical end and outcome and maybe we
can reverse engineer and work backwards
here. Do you think a meeting between the
two presidents is confirmed or is set to
take place in two weeks time? Can we
start off there and then we'll work
backward?
We are theoretically uh a meeting
between two leaders are still possible
and uh I think both sides have uh
interest in pursuing uh this uh imperson
meeting between two leaders for the
first time since the second uh Trump
administration. Uh however we need to
work hard to improve the situation so
that the meeting uh will be uh fruitful
not just a photo opportunity.
Right. So when we've been looking up at
the the leadup to this potential
meeting, uh a lot of the narrative has
been that each side has been trying to
build up their own leverage. So then
they have room uh to negotiate based on
their perceived positions of strength.
Uh from your perspective as an academic
and also an adviser to those in the
foreign ministry, do do you feel one
side might be building or overplaying
their hand too much or or building too
much reliance on their leverage?
>> Uh that's a good question. uh I mean if
you look at the uh US China uh trade and
economic relations uh how they have
evolved over the uh last couple of years
uh the US side started with the
unpreented uh tariff war on China from
the fourth Trump administration and then
moved to uh uh the tech war on China
especially uh during the B
administration. Now during the second
Trump administration the tariff war was
uh relaunched again and with more
Chinese u enterprises have been put on
the equity list have been sanctioned by
the US side. So if you follow the
developments it has been the US who has
been keep pushing China building
pressure on China overplay uh it cut on
China weaponize the interdependence
between two countries. So finally it
forced China to fight back to retaliate.
So back to September 19th when President
he and President Trump has phone
conversation basically I think that
conversation was quite constructive but
only 10 days later the US you know kos
the BIS come up with a new rule 50% rule
uh which actually will put thousands of
more Chinese enterprises on the entity
list so that's a huge impact not only on
the Chinese enterprises, on Chinese uh
uh uh economy, but more importantly, it
raised the issue on the Chinese side
whether the US is serious about you know
uh forging some consensus
in the forthcoming summit and steady by
uh uh and step by step to improve trade
relation with China or the US side I
mean within the Trump administration
was simply divided you know with some
pragmatist who wanted to improve
relation with China. But then you have
the hawkish people they never want to
you know have a normal relation with
China. They want to push for strategic
decoupling. They want to derail this
relationship. So I think this issue has
been has to be put in a broader context.
Professor,
what gets us back on track in terms of
um good faith, good spirits ahead of the
meeting? Uh do we need to see gestures
from both sides an offramp into the
meeting? So in other words, what I'm
trying to get to is specifically, do you
think the Chinese are expecting the US
president to remove the the threat of
tariffs uh in order to prove that good
faith?
Uh well I think the the first step is
for the US side to scare back the new
rule the 50% new rule um this uh on the
Chinese enterprises that the BS come up
on September 29th. uh and then let's go
back um to the the recent round of talks
the market talks the agreement achieved
and the talks and also the spirit as two
leaders agreed upon when they had the
form conversation on September uh 19th.
So as for the you know new tariff uh on
China I think I mean Trump he he he
changes always you know sometimes he say
this may happen sometimes say he hope
that doesn't have to happen so that's
not already in place but you know what
had what has been announced by the US
side is September 29th new rule the 50%
you know regulation I think that is
important for the US to scale Professor
Woo, let me just play the devil's
advocate a little bit here and and and
ask your opinion on whether you feel
that the Chinese government might be
overplaying its hand a little bit right
now. That's something that's come out of
Washington. Uh that essentially they
thought they had some sort of agreement
on the relaxation of the export curbs on
rare earth metals and magnets. Uh and
then China now has taken a much more
assertive uh position in between the
rounds of trade talks by uh talking
about more strict control. Granted,
China is trying to gain some leverage
ahead of the next round of talks, ahead
of any kind of summit, but are they
potentially
overplaying their hand in an assertive
way that could also uh make other
nations outside of the United States uh
more angry and disrupt supply chains?
We're seeing the G7 finance ministers
meeting in Washington DC where they're
going to be talking about their own
reaction to China's actions on rare
earths.
Uh well two points uh first over uh
whether this is u overplayed or not.
Well that depends on whether China can
you know effectively force the US to say
scale back again is it September 29th B
new rule. So anything that can get the
US to cancel this uh latest uh pressure
on China will be necessary. So that's
point one. Point two regarding you know
uh broader uh ramifications of China's
recent uh export control policy. Uh I
think most countries know this is not
particularly targeted on that. It is
mainly a retellation to the recent the
US moves on China. So if these countries
they handle relations with China
especially trade and economic relations
with China well without assisting the US
in sanctioning China in in pursuing the
export control China I think you know
they don't have to worry about this. So
basically this actually gives China more
leverage in making sure other US allies
will not jump aboard to help the US in
pressuring China. I think China knows
how to play the card uh wisely.
>> How about the soybean issue? Obviously
it's hit hard at the base of the the
voting base if you will in the Midwest
of the United States. China has not
bought a single crop uh order of from
this current crop for a month and a half
into that. Is that an area where you
feel because China does need to import
crops of soybean that is an area of
leverage that China could perhaps uh be
amendable to buying or pledging to buy
or has China already pretty much shifted
all of its orders this season to
Argentina to Brazil and how how
important of leverage is this?
Uh well uh I think the uh soybean issue
is also part of China's leverage in
dealing with uh Donald Trump's new
tariff on China. So if two sides during
the next uh trade talks can agree to
address the tariff issue then it is
possible China may reconsider to
purchase more US agriculture products.
So again this is you know uh it is
important to the US we understand but
you know the tariff is also important to
China. So we have to address each
other's legitimate concern so that we
can have a win-win situation. So that is
uh an issue that can be negotiable.
>> Okay. the the possib US Secretary Scott
Bessant mentioned that we're effectively
operating on sort of the rolling over of
these 90-day truses, these extensions if
you will. And we're obviously markets,
businessmen, investors, newsrooms around
the world are fixated now in this last
week of October when that is when the
next of course meeting and hopefully the
last deadline uh is going to be taking
place. But in your view, professor, do
you think we still should consider
another extension of these talks beyond
beyond October?
>> Well, I think the um
another extension is a minimum. Uh but
what I expect is something more than
that.
>> I mean, if two leaders meet, they should
not just agree, let's you know, extend
this for another 90 days. they should
make this decision you know to solve the
tariff issue uh whether this is going to
be totally removed as the Chinese side
suggest because this is a union later
tariff you know illegal or it will be
10% or 15% then that will be reciprocal
I think the two leaders if they meet
first and foremost they should make make
decision on the tariff issue rather than
you know leaving this to future for
another 90 days or 100 days because the
business community in both countries and
broadly they don't like uncertainty.
They want you know a clear message from
both sides and also I believe at this
stage China and the US should be ready
and prepared to you know put an end to
the tariff issue. To some extent the US
side Donald Trump himself should now
understand the limit of his tariff cut
on China. You know he has overplayed it
and it has been counterproductive. and
has been hurting both sides and the US
side even more so if you look the uh um
uh the uh inflation rate uh coming back
in the US so it's time to put an end to
the tariff card of course China and the
US will continue to you know um struggle
on other fronts but tariff to some
extent is an card that should be
discarded in my opinion
>> professor we've heard consistent ly and
constantly from the Chinese side the the
the request for respect to be treated on
equal grounds the uh we've heard
consistently as well from the Chinese
side that you know if they the China
does not want to get into this but we'll
fight of course if if if pushed do you
think if they don't agree to terms do
you think is China prepared to walk away
from the table you think
>> uh I assume China.
I mean we try to work for
a good situation when we outcome but we
have to prepare for a worst case
scenario. I think that has been the case
since the beginning of the second trauma
administration. If you look back you
know the the the earlier uh crossfire
between two sides of a tariff issue. So
China didn't back for negotiation and
when every time when we sit down for
negotiation you know if no agreements
could be achieved we can walk away
without any agreement. So that's
something we can accept. We don't beg
for negotiation. We don't beg for talk.
We don't be back for uh you know
achievements. But if you have the
willing to strike a deal we are
prepared.
Professor
Woo, thanks so much. Woo Shinimbo,
director of the Center for American
Studies at Fudan Dash at Foudan
University in Shanghai. Thanks so much
for joining us here on the China show.
Coming up, E-Hang completes its first
regulatory trial flight in Thailand.
We'll talk exclusively with their CFO
next about when we may be catching
pilotless aerial taxis, EV talls they're
known as. This is Bloomberg.
and welcome back to the China show.
Well, Chinese flying taxi maker E-Hong
has been conducting test flights in
Thailand in collaboration with local
authorities and partners. The tests
involve its pilotless electric vertical
takeoff and landing vehicle. That's a
mouthful. Better call it EV talls.
Taking place in a so-called sandbox zone
near Bangkok. Eihong hopes the process
will help fasttrack commercial
operations in the Southeast Asian
nation. Joining us exclusively now from
Bangkok is E-Hong CFO Connor Yang.
Connor, good to see you again. So, it's
an exciting area obviously in the
lowaltitude economy for sure.
um where are we on the regulatory
process where you can get this
commercially approved and viable uh
outside of China uh and not just in a
sandbox.
Oh yeah, it's very exciting that uh we
have launched our first commercial uh
trial flight uh using sandbox approach
globally in Thailand here and uh you
know Thailand is a ideal places for uh
using evto for advanced air mobility you
know with 35 million overseas travelers
a year and a densely uh populated urban
area and persistent traffic congestion
that the EVO can really solve the the
traffic problem uh here. So uh we're
very excited about the initiatives and
yesterday's event was uh also attended
by uh the the director general of civil
aviation authority in Thailand as well
as the senior officer of minister
ministry of transport here. So we got a
strong support from Thai Thailand's
government. uh that their target is to
have the this commercial operation
happen uh using the sandbox approach uh
uh in like 3 months time you know if
that happened uh uh director general's
goal is to have Thailand become the
first countries using sandbox approach
for commercial operation globally and uh
we're really excited about this and so
the after the 12 flight if we accumulate
enough uh uh safe data which we believe
we will and uh we should be able to to
uh receive the permanent for commercial
operation in the confined area so-cal
sandbox approach and uh we'll expand
that into uh many other locations such
as Pokeat Island such such as Kosamui uh
Kottow and Paya and many other places.
So we meant to build Thailand as a
regulatory and operational blueprint for
our global expansion. Yeah. Countries
such as other than Thailand the
countries such as Vietnam, Cambodia, uh
Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, you know
those surrounding uh countries in the
Southeast Asia. They're also watching
Thailand's move. If this uh happen using
sens box approach that means global
expansion will be quickly expanded into
other part of the world.
Connor you mentioned 3 months correct me
if I'm wrong is the is the timetable you
would after 3 months is when you want to
start commercial operations in the
sandbox. Could you be more specific on
the timeline when you you hope and
aspire to have commercial operations in
many of those other cities and places in
Thailand?
Uh yeah that's the the goal that uh in
the press release that the director
general of civil aviation authority of
Thailand uh that's uh you know they want
to make it happen and uh as I said that
Thailand is a very very important
strategically important uh for the epito
global expansion and use that as a as a
blueprint to expand not only Southeast
Asia but we also have seen that country
the Middle East like Saudi Arabia UAE
Qatar
They're also extremely interested in
deploy uh evalto for uh like an advanced
air mobility. Yeah. So uh after this you
know uh hopefully that by second half
the first half of next year you know you
will be when you visit uh Thailand many
places you will be able to purchase
ticket uh to to save your traffic time
and also that could be used for aerial
sightseeing as well.
What what are your biggest challenges
there outside of China? I know in China
the the lowaltitude uh airspace is
largely controlled by the military. So
there's lots of regulatory uh hoops you
have to jump through and and to get
beyond the sandbox and into
commercialization in the various
municipalities. In some place like
Thailand, uh did you pick Thailand
because you find that the regulatory
environment is maybe even a little bit
more relaxed? I don't mean to put you in
a position where you're trying to get
ahead of the regulators because you're
at the mercy of air traffic regulation
and government regulations, but did you
find it more aminable to this uh kind of
innovation if it's you're on a
three-month timeline? Seems pretty fast.
>> Oh, well, you know, the Thai government
is uh very proactive, you know, in terms
of making this happen. and the global
air advanced air mobility. Um you know
as globally there are many many
countries are interested developing this
evito uh as a new traffic um uh new uh
vehicle for transportation to solve the
traffic problem and of course that uh is
a new industry and globally haven't have
any country starting commercial
operation yet. there are definitely that
uh uh there's hurdle need to go through
but we believe you know you know in in
the long term that air taxi will happen
uh you know people can use a to solve
many traffic problems and we hope that
you know we continuous effort to
communicating with uh authority globally
in many country especially Thailand uh
so hopefully that uh uh we will make it
happen together with the help from the
authority in Thailand
Connor, in in about 30 seconds or so, if
you could because we're almost out of
time. What's the next market after
Thailand?
>> Yeah. Uh here that Middle East, we have
seen strong interest from uh uh Saudi
Arabia, uh UAE, Qatar and also um
countries such as in here uh Vietn
Cambodia, Malaysia, Indonesia, you know,
these are could be the potential country
for for next step. once the Thailand
start the commercial operation using the
sandbox approach.
>> Fantastic Connor. Thank you so much.
Great to hear the updates out of the
company. Connor Yanga, CF of E-Hang in
Bangkok for us with that announcement on
their sandbox of course in as in
Thailand as a jumping off point for
other markets including his last point
there uh some places in the Middle East.
Billy Billy uh barely up uh the call
this morning on Huatai. Now taking the
price target at the very high end of the
street ranger 316 a pop. There's the
price target out of Huatai and eight
shares for Billy Billy. Uh we're
wrapping things up just with a look at
Hangen Index as we go into the last hour
trade and oh down.
>> Oh yeah. Um uneventful day so far.
>> Not like yesterday. Today's
>> today's good.
>> Quite a quite a bit of a low uh low low
bar, which is a good thing because it's
been a manic news year so far. We'll see
you all tomorrow.